hi of the money
then finally crochet video that b
and that I failed to load it and a
very simple video I show you how
make an amigurumi letter
of course there are many on the web
there is no scheme for making letters
there are no schemes as easy as I have it
I then realized this scheme vi
it will also allow others to be created
letters with the way I realized
this letter
first I show you this in mine
is the letter v that I made with
my scheme is a friend rumi
very tender look at how cute and here
I show you how to make the letter f
that I dedicate to my sister my
little sister she also knows this two
different colors
the only thing I didn't put here
little eyes and the ciocchetto because me
like it more so I have to tell you the truth
like sense I leave you to video tutorial
I hope there is inspiration to the
next tau design is uphill or begin
I work with 14 chains
I started going there right now we have to
work in the third indigo chain i
readers we have the thread
we count the first the second and the third
we count crochet and work 12 stitches
low we have to work 12 low meshes
of the first lap finished the first lap of
12 low jerseys now let's do one
chain and we also do a second
always round 12 low and
we continue also with the third and last one
around then three rounds of 12 low stitches
always remember to start a chain
new ride
once realized ii three rounds of 12
low meshes
nor see we have to make 3 shirts
low then dear in I have already turned the
work first jersey low second jersey
low third low jersey we must
repeat this step to create the
letter f
ps ge for seven genes and then for seven
turn the work again
falls into the first second low shirt
low mesh third low meshes the
see it for seven and seven laps and then vi
I show how many letters you can
do with this scheme of the letter f
in fact I made seven laps
of 3 low meshes as you can see
now I will try to show up close
not only will the letter f be formed
you can form the letter c naturally
creating three more laps for this other
always side 67 laps of low meyer
then 3 low meshes for seven rounds
also from this side you will have the letter c
you can have the rules letter and the
letter i play this my scheme you can
create these letters
so I tried to make it
the simplest possible emblem now
cut a long thread I recommend
quite long because it will then serve for
sew the two parts together now
let's go create on the other side of the
letter this final part because
realize the complete effect now I do n't
safety pin because I am
Forgot
we must count on this other side
from the final part 123456789 in the ninth
jersey we have to work in the junta
of the thread or to pick up the thread
that we have cut and I do not do it
see how I do it because maybe
remains complicated because my way of
add the thread and we work again
at 3 to 3 3 stitches as low as
we did this on the other side for
five laps then I'll show you how to make one
once the new low meshes have been counted
we must add the thread I do not
I showed how I do it because
maybe it stays more complicated here
once of all the site the beginning
the first low jersey the second jersey
low and the third low jersey I hope that
you see let's see if I can
get a little closer
I make a chain around the work and
I make a low shirt the second
low jersey and the third low jersey io
here with this kind of grandma I don't
I find it not at all good
how can you see if it is forming the
letter f so we have to make 3 shirts
low for five turns while the part
above we worked for more laps
we work this for five rounds and
we must have this turn out therefore
Once completed tell you that
we have to finish the 5 let's see if
I can show the five laps of
low meshes and 3 low meshes for five
laps we find a letter f
of course remember to cut the threads
it is quite long because we will need it
to cook it also prepared the second one
equal part without obviously here you can
cut the wires I left these
bits of and then I'll take off the last one
overlay the two letters to create
the romy friend and here we have to cook it myself
I will not show you how I use why not
I recommend it
so we have to get out the letters
between them, however, once sewn before
completely close the job
we have to stuff colored padding
and then we go to decorate the letter f
completed and I'll show you the
second part here the output of which
I wanted to decorate my home for fabiola
little sister
but then I said to myself why I owe it
decorate so too pretty and so
I left it so I didn't put it
decorations committed on the letter v io
I hope that it is clear that there is
especially liked because I dedicate it to
all of you all my writings of mine
channel and even non-members because it is not
a nice thing I wanted to share
with you next video I don't say anything
no surprises I won't even tell you if
crochet beads I say nothing
let us make a kiss in a year
at the next hello of salts treasures hello